<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01//EN">
<html>
<head>
  <title>guidelines</title>
   	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../styles/minimal-table.css" type="text/css">
</head>

<body>
<!-- Site navigation menu -->
<ul class="navbar">
	<li><a href="../index.html">Home</a>
   	<li><a href="https://www.dropbox.com/sh/mjyajw349thbj61/AAAAGNBVWF_0VHEPafZjLaHPa/00%20Videos%20of%20Lectures%20S1%202020?dl=0&subfolder_nav_tracking=1">Meeting Minutes</a>
	<li><a href="process.html">Process Support</a>
	</ul>




<h1>Meeting Minutes</h1><br>


<h4><p>Team name: Group 2</p></h4>

<h4><p>Team Coordinator/Leader: Scott Tutone</p></h4>
		
<p>
    <br>Meeting 1: Occured on 15/09/21 using discord voice chat as the platform. Callum and I (Scott) were present. Afzeer was absent but had informed the team of family issues that stopped him from attending. This meeting was where we discussed the ideas of topics we wanted to explore for this project. Many ideas were thrown about, I initially suggessted that we make our topic about the usage of machines within a health setting in things such as surgeory and identifying diseases. But we couldnt decide on how to narrow it down and further develope this topic so Callum suggested that we look into the use of facial Ai. We were able to see the many ways of taking this idea and narrowed it down to its usage within public spaces. After that we concluded the meeting by lightly going over the roles of each memebr present. We btoth had knowledge on how to use github and so we agreed to work using it. I also contacted our other member afzeer who is not as familiar with github that we'd be using it and any contributions for his write up I could paste into the appropriate sections. Everyone would also be told to go their seperate ways and do research on the tpoic for the next meeting.<br>
    <br>Meeting 2: Occured on 08/10/21 using discord voice chat as the platform. All members were present. We collated all our research material onto a google document and took the bits we would eventually use for the final product. We then also decided for the upcoming slide presentation the slides each person would be responsible for writing up. I would do the first, Afzeer would do the Second slide and Callum would do the remaaining slides. We then further specified roles within the group, assigning parts of the website for members of the group to write up according to the specifications of the brief with our topic. Callum would do the risks section of the page, I would do the choices and opportunities page, And Afzeer would do the home technology page. From there we agreed to do further research in preperation of the final presentation and for the final website.<br>
    <br>Meeting 3: Occured on 15/10/21 using discord as the platform. After our friday class and submitting the recording. All members were present and we had the resources we had found on the internet collated onto one google document. We reconfirmed which aspects of the website was gonna be written up by whom and I would also be writing up the meeting minutes for the group. Some days after the meeting I had pushed the team to try and have all the writeups for the website ready by the end of Wed latest Thursday and everyone agreed. Afzeer and I completed our sections of the project and continued to do our individual part of the submission.<br>
    <br>Meeting 4: Occured on 22/10/21 using discord as the platform. Afzeer and I Were the only members present. Callum was absent. Callum had not started the write up for the page he was responisble and Afzeer volunteered to take over and finish the website, I would continue to finish my parts of the project as well as writing up the meeting minutes and would notify the appropriate course leaders of what was happening. And it should be reflected within the peer evaluation sheets.<br>

</p>
  <a href="https://teams.microsoft.com/l/channel/19%3a27f2d1a5f562424bb967cac271b88c1e%40thread.tacv2/General?groupId=8f7b11f2-0954-417c-b54d-937ed1e585e2&tenantId=5e022ca1-5c04-4f87-8db7-d588726274e3">Meeting Minutes Repository Alternative Link</a>      
    
  

<hr/>
<p><h6><em>Note: the preferred option will be to replace these links in your site with equivalent links to your repository e.g. teams or dropbox or site pages</h6></em></p>
</body>
</html>